This app was built as a capstone for a 14 week Java coding bootcamp from Tech Elevator.

It’s hard staying healthy in today’s world of fast food and fast living. Having an easy way to track what you’re eating and how much you’ve already consumed would go a long way in making sure you stay healthy.

TechFitnessPal is like an app that lets users track their calorie and nutrient intake to make sure they stay on a healthy path. It uses a food database to track meals and then gives users graphs and charts for them to track their progress over time.

Technologies used: Spring Boot, Java, PostgreSQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Vue.js, Responsive Design, IntelliJ, GitIt’s hard staying healthy in today’s world of fast food and fast living. Having an easy way to track what you’re eating and how much you’ve already consumed would go a long way in making sure you stay healthy. TechFitnessPal is like an app that lets users track their calorie and nutrient intake to make sure they stay on a healthy path. It uses a food database to track meals and then gives users graphs and charts for them to track their progress over time.This app was built as a capstone for a 14 week Java coding bootcamp from Tech Elevator. It’s hard staying healthy in today’s world of fast food and fast living. Having an easy way to track what you’re eating and how much you’ve already consumed would go a long way in making sure you stay healthy. TechFitnessPal is like an app that lets users track their calorie and nutrient intake to make sure they stay on a healthy path. It uses a food database to track meals and then gives users graphs and charts for them to track their progress over time. Technologies used: Spring Boot, Java, PostgreSQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Vue.js, Responsive Design, IntelliJ, GitIt’s hard staying healthy in today’s world of fast food and fast living. Having an easy way to track what you’re eating and how much you’ve already consumed would go a long way in making sure you stay healthy. TechFitnessPal is like an app that lets users track their calorie and nutrient intake to make sure they stay on a healthy path. It uses a food database to track meals and then gives users graphs and charts for them to track their progress over time.
Skills: Vue.js · JavaScript · IntelliJ IDEA · Spring Boot · Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) · HTML · Git · Postman API · PostgreSQL · Java
